The objective of this project is to create a scheduling system that solely tackles appointment-based events, and provides an application that will allow clients to book an online service at an institution and receive a confirmation once the administrator of the facility approves it. A system like such reduces the need to call receptionists for appointment bookings and waste valuable time in deciding on a particular date and time that works well for both the client and service provider.


This Git contains the Scheduler Application project, which is achieved with the collaboration of Nu Image as our official client. Nu Image is an appointment-based medical esthetics clinic that has allowed us to work with them in order to render a successful application as well as project.


This web based schedule management system is created using the Google App Engine (GAE) infrastructure. This system is built upon the Apache Maven server platform and hosted on the Google servers. The software will be implemented using a number of the Google API’s.  The API’s to be used include: the Google Calendar API and the Google SendGrid Email API. These API’s are also provided by GAE through the API Explorer and will be integrated directly into the system. Some of the other Google Services we will be using for the project include: GAE Datastore, GAE Endpoints for managing our own API’s, GAE OAuth 2.0 (a user authentication system), GAE Objectify Service (for database interaction management) and the Google Cloud Storage system. All of these pieces will work together to provide a platform for our system to be built upon.
